The patient is making a great recovery.
It'll be fine for a while.
Thank you doctor
Sorry.
I hurt you.
In fact, I learned that you were missing
I've been looking for you all over the world.
But
Sorry.
But you had already found Ran Ran
Why did you bring me back?
Because at that time
I saw you fainting on the ground like Ran Ran
I don't know why.
My heart hurts
My gut tells me I can't leave you alone
So I took you home
Remember when I named you?
case
pray for peace
I really hope for the rest of your life
Can be safe
But you
Aren't you afraid of making the same mistake again?
Will not
You have the unique mark I left you
actually
When I confirmed that you were my daughter
I was terrified.
I'm afraid you won't recognize me
Because I know in my heart
How much hardship have you suffered over the years?
Sorry.
Mom will compensate you slowly in the future.
You have been by my side for so many years
I didn't recognize you.
You have suffered so much grievance
Even if you don't recognize me, I deserve it
I don't deserve to be your mother
But then I thought
We still have a long time.
I can compensate you slowly with the rest of my life
I don't ask you to forgive me right now
As long as you can be by my side
Miss Shi
When Madam Shi gave birth to you, you received the task
For the country
I entrusted you to someone else as a last resort
Follow the group of stone guns to kill the enemy
This is not what Madam Shi wanted to happen
In these days of learning the truth
Madam Shi's dormitory is uneasy
He is thinking of you all the time.
Madam Shi really loves you
The original choice was just forced
I can't help it.
OK
Then you have to promise me
You can't leave me behind again
No, it won't.
Never again.
Zhang Huang
This time Miss Shi was tied up
Shi Ran is also the mastermind
Never mind.
Let the laws of the country educate him
I hope he can reflect on it in prison
reform
Okay
I'm going to buy An An's birthday present in a while
I left all the birthday gifts from previous years at home
Please help me decorate my house well
I want to celebrate Ann's birthday